And I was like, that's an easy one,
I'll just tell it yes,
Yes.
or go look over there, or try that again.
And then other ones were like, yep,
Yep, yeah.
that's thinking, that comes Monday, maybe.
But there were so many interesting
Yeah.
announcements though. So Mistral released,
and I'm actually just late to this,
like it was released over a week ago,
Mistral Small 4.
Oh.
And like supposedly it's like.
killer at one model that does reasoning
agents, visual and something else,
but does coding well.
Like they basically what they did is they
combined all their models together,
kind of like GPT-54 did.
And like this is their bump up for all of
them.
Mhm.
So like they like stop using each of the
individual ones, use this one instead.
And so I'm trying to get it working and
my stupid Alienware is like,
Mm.
I can't see the GPU right now.
So I got to figure out an actual legit
hardware issue on that machine.
But I tried to put it on the Sparks and
Ohh.
without the GPU, it's like, yeah,
we can get you a couple tokens per second.
I'm like, no, it's a non-starter.
And even though they built it for NVIDIA.
Yeah.
Very, very slow.
They didn't build it for Nvidia ARM,
they built it for Nvidia Intel.
So I was like, so anyways,
like there's been a lot of great releases
Ah.
recently of new models that are local
models.
So I think that we're really getting
close and being able to like run with,
you know,
agenic workflows where we break things
down to simplest terms.
And I just got out of the LT meeting
where, you know, Sam was kind of,
you know, growing, hey,
I'm just going to be a cranky old man
kind of griping, like,
none of this is you guys.
But he was talking about, you know,
some of the challenges that he's still
having with the overall process and
things he has to do that he doesn't want
Mm.
to have to do and so on.
And a lot of it comes down to getting the.
..
input into the system now,
the right shape,
broken down the right way and so on.
And what was fascinating was like,
Yeah.
I think a lot of the stuff we've been
doing recently around like leveraging dot
graph and things like that is one of the
key missing pieces that we have because
we've never gotten to the point yet.
He's like,
Mhm.
you still have to be a good software
engineer.
You know, to build with these things,
and we're like, "Yes,
but now you're building as an architect
and as a systems designer, and so on,
like we're not writing code
implementation,
Right.
like that's pretty much solved at this
point,
unless you write crappy system designs on,
in which case your code is like a monster,
which is, I think,
where a dev machine is is like tipping
over at.
And I'm going, I think the next part,
and this is where we're all kind of like
Mmh.
leaning in on, is going like,
if we can design better at the system and
architecture level by using tools like
the Dot Graph approach,
where it's forcing us to think in boxes
and connections and isolated pieces and
all that.
And we're not like one big bucket that we,
ED.
like, here's my thing,
which is what your traditional spec.
can turn into, like just a laundry list,
and then be like,
Yeah.
build me the laundry list thing.
And it's like, I will. Here's your 50,
000 line code file, you know,
and then it like falls apart.
And so like this forces it,
because if you take like the design that
you had the other day and was showing me,
like if I said like go build each of
those parts in isolation,
or actually go build me a subgraph for
each one of those.
and then build code for each one of those
pieces and so on.
ED.
Like you keep breaking it down.
And then now we're basically just forced
that Lego modular mindset to build with.
And then if you now flip it around in
advance and go code's written,
now draw the graph representation only
back up. Now compare those graphs.
Are they close enough to be saying like
we built that thing? Or, you know,
and then you know,
we've also seen like when it writes from
the code, it's like, oh wait,
we got this dead code,
or we got this code that doesn't connect
here, we got this piece that's missing.
So I think going down and then back up
with this approach might be just a
technique that we're not leveraging,
we've never leveraged before,
that might help us to like break into
that side of it a little bit better.
So, this is hot on the LT's, you know,
group mind, um, and um, the um...
Yeah, getting,
so getting the plumbing for this thing,
getting the plumbing in for what we're
doing at the digital twin universe,
so that like, great, you built a thing.
No,
I don't want to be on the hook to test it
as a user. Like,
Right.
so making sure that that's all solid.
So we're getting that part.
And then of course,
the context intelligence and being able
to kind of like look across all these
things and go like, you know,
where's the system errors at that we need
to like lean into?
Where are the places where we're like,
sure, we got the job done.
but it took like 20 times as many steps
as it should have taken.
Like we spent in a loop for it,
eventually got lucky and then exited.
Like, you know, we gotta figure those.
So like, that's the other part of that.
So I think that this,
how this loops back to the comment on the
local model stuff is,
because I think that at that point there,
like if we can do that.
Well,
then it's just a matter now of going like,
great,
now how do you just either apply this
first on simpler things,
but now that you've got all of this
Yeah.
structure,
like it'll just work and you can build
small apps in a way that more reliable
way than ever before with local models.
Or it's more of a like, that's fine,
this works,
you just have to break it down way,
way more granular.
Can we use something like the bigger
models to do, like we do with dev machine?
Like say the way dev machine works is you
go, hey,
it's really hard to make the general like
pipeline for software factory kind of
thing for any software,
but it's a lot easier to make a software
factory that makes Word because it's a
very much more narrow scope.
There's certain things that you need,
you know, all that kind of stuff.
Right.
And so, like going,
if we can build it so that even as
another next step,
like you have to use Opus to build the
dev machine for your particular need,
but then the dev machine itself can be
run off of local models.
Right.
And we got that working really,
really well. Like,
that's another good step progress-wise.
So I think that that's kind of the
Yep, yep.
direction that I think we're going to see
more of a, like,
if we wanted to look across and go, like,
are we all working on something that's
kind of coming together?
I think that that's probably the
Yeah.
direction where we're kind of like loops
in a lot of the bears needs.
And then the live OS and other stuff has
another different role.
Cool.
Yep.
But so it's part of our bigger picture.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. I mean,
I'm definitely been thinking about how we
break that down in my view.
But as you were saying, like,
how do you teach?
Someone to be this architect, I think,
is the is some of the focus with the like
how we work, right? I think that that's,
yeah, good.
Yeah.
ED.
And I think superpowers is the answer.
Like superpowers already demonstrated.
ED.
You don't teach them.
You guide them through the process.
You pull the information you need from
them.
ED.
Superpowers is the one that knows how to
do the thing and so on.
ED.
Like that's what you teach.
You teach the system to build a thing
ED.
like that.
Right.
Because otherwise, yes,
how do you scale the teaching, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So if we provide tools that are more
accessible, visual, like I,
this is why I really like what I'm having
you working on with the,
like making the core and everything
understandable is because like you're
Mhm.
going through the pains of it,
like you're feeling that,
but you're also coming up with some
techniques too, like being able to go.
from, you know,
because you're lazy enough,
which is the thing we want to go, like,
I did that, I figured out that pain point,
but like this needs to be automated and
so on.
ED.
And you try to automate early and it's
like, no, you can't.
But that's fine because then you're like,
all right, now I'm going to though,
Yeah.
I'm going to figure that out.
And so like the trick of like the going,
Yeah.
hey, the graph is useful, but.
getting the graph to a place where like
is generally accessible and useful for
others, like that's magic, you know?
And like that technique that you,
Yeah.
you know,
if we try like the pickrell thing even is
just enough like that, that's a good win.
And so now imagine like the brainstorm
session is like working at that level and
it's drawing those kinds of pictures and
that's what you're working with.
Yeah.
Like that's teaching system design.
It's teaching. It's not really teaching.
Right.
It's just more like it's a you're but
you're you've now created a constraint if
that's what you're working through the
system or the the user experience you're
Yeah.
working through.
So therefore you don't have to learn it.
Yeah.
It's just what you what you do.
Right, right. Yeah, true.
Speaking of that graph,
I'm actually having it generate another
Yeah.
And then by the way, real quick,
and then you can make the cool UX version
one.
Yeah.
of it.
Like we'll have this scrappier version
here that's like,
you're seeing dot graphs and like you're
Right.
talking that way.
And then you can go like,
Yeah.
now I'll make it awesome.
Yeah, yeah, true.
Start, go ahead.
Well, before I launch into the Salil,
is there anything you wanted to cover
today? Like,
I took up a bunch of time last time.
Oh, that's okay.
I'm glad you keep taking time.
I'm happy to.
But here's what I'll say.
I kicked off the whole audit process and
Yeah.
Okay.
started fixing things.
So my goal for the first half of the week
Good.
is to complete the audit and get
everything up to date. So that then I can,
Great, OK.
I was going to Alex earlier this morning,
then I'll dive into the.
dynamic context ingestion as Alex has
slightly pivoted to understanding what
the work is. And I'll focus on the how,
like what are the advantages of dynamic
Mhm.
context and all the things we've talked
about in the last weekend.
Great, thank you. Yeah.
So the actual implementation of it,
one thing that I wanted to do was in the
verification recipe.
add how many tokens are being used if
it's not already there,
so that we can start tackling it from a
bunch of angles. So conceptually,
Yeah.
that's my plan for the first half of the
week,
Yeah.
and I'll build a plan for the latter half
of the week.
Okay,
I think it'd be good if we get a
experimental bundle into Foundation in
the experimental folder.
That is a stripped down one that you
start building up from.
Yeah, that.
And then that way you can start to kind
of transition while not disrupting the
other one,
but then making it available as you're
doing it.
So it could be like it's really crappy
today, but at least it's there.
And then we can.
And when you say in the foundation,
is it like...
Okay.
there already.
One is the delegate only one.
And what's nice is like that's how I did,
I mean, oh,
Yeah.
that's how I did the delegate tool.
Like I experimented with it first by
putting a version in there that used that
instead of the task tool.
And it allowed me to like swap out all of
the context files and everything else so
Perfect.
that I could try everything.
apart without messing any of the other
stuff or around with the other stuff.
And so it was really handy for that.
So I would say try that,
see how much mileage you can get from
there,
What?
because I think if you can start with a
clean, literally a clean slate,
like then it allows you to go like,
what do we actually need these days?
Because I suspect we don't need nearly as
much as we used to need.
Yeah.
Perfect.
That gives me a place to get started with
Awesome!
as well.
The only other thing I will add is...
I might be in and out a little this week.
My sister,
she just got admitted to the hospital
this morning.
Sorry.
And so I'll have to help out with the
house and the chores a little bit.
So I'll be here just randomly in and out.
Yeah, okay. No problem. Yep, nope,
that's priority. Yep.
Alright, Alex, it's all you again.
Cool.
Okay, so share my screen.
I'm having it generate another.
Go at this dot graph.
So I'll tell the story of like what's
happened so far. So we, well,
we did the one on Friday.
And by the way, for context,
I have not read your message on the
weekend. It was one of two left.
I wouldn't have expected you to, yeah.
It was one of two left I had before my
9:00 hit and I was like, no,
I didn't get to it.
Oh, it's fine, it's fine.
We'll just cover it now.
Hey,
all I will say is I'm glad Brian was
reading my messages because he was fixing
bugs. That's all I care about.
You know, that's the priority. I'm not,
you know, it doesn't hurt my feelings.
By the way, I've got the GitOps task done.
I just need to like thumbs up it.
It tried to put it all into its
instruction and it made this massive
instruction file like, no, no, no,
you can't do that.
Like we're going the opposite direction.
So it went back and it cleaned all that
up and it's waiting for me to review it,
but it looks like it's good.
So that should solve that issue.
That made perfect sense once David.
chimed in with.
Yeah.
The same, yeah.
Nice.
And Alex, before you start,
can you share the screenshot of your that
little error that you had showed me
earlier this morning?
Which one? Oh.
I don't know where it is now.
You know which one?
I don't think I took a screenshot of it.
I should have. Let me see.
Good.
Right.
Alex is the one who's going to cost us a
**** ton of money.
No, no, no, no,
I'm not because it stopped. It stopped,
Yeah, he's got a high bar to reach.
it stopped. So, no, no, no, hold on.
He tried to send 10 million tokens in a
single request.
I did not try. I did not try.
It tried on my behalf and I don't know
Nice.
why it did, but it was like, yeah.
And it, and it, well,
and it may have done it,
but it'll only get it'll come back with
an immediate error of, like,
that's too many.
Yeah, that's the error that I got.
So it was 9,700,000 something.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it tried. It sent it.
And I was showing,
I was showing Kenny's like, no, no, not.
That's 900,000. I'm like, no, dude,
check it. It's almost 10 million.
It's off by 10.
Yeah.
So,
but like this is the stuff that confounds
me sometime. I'm like,
this is a very simple, I thought,
a very simple ask and it was like,
let's go deep. Like, wait, why? So yeah,
Yeah.
so anyway, sorry, sorry, not sorry.
That's all Salil's area now. All the why?
Why does it do this? Why does it do that?
Okay, well, the why, okay. Yeah,
it's a little, why did it do that?
It's on Salil's plate, man.
Back to you, man.
He,
he didn't realize that's what he
inherited. Every, every,
why is Amplified do this?
Yeah.
Why is Amplified do that?
Yeah, you got you, you've got it.
Honestly, no,
we need to get people to investigate
themselves.
Because like your log actually will be
Yeah.
why. It has the why.
If you find the term that it did that,
Mm.
getting that raw log in and then maybe
that's one of our requirements is like
we're going to ask people,
this is a good idea.
When anybody comes up with a like,
why did Amplifier do this?
Have them go find the log for that
request that did it.
and send you that.
That raw,
and then that way you can start building
Mhm.
up a,
because you can then start mining that
with session analyst to figure out, like,
what in the context,
what combination of things created this
environment,
and that'll help you for what you're
working on. Sorry, go though.
Mhm.
No, you're good. Well, now I want to...
I need to, I'll do that after this call,
because I have...
Well,
typically we've run into these things
over and over again,
so like if things happen,
like if it doesn't ever happen again,
great, it doesn't matter.
Okay.
So it's more of like next time.
All right, well, the issue was like,
and you might, well, no,
I won't get into doing debugging issues
here. I'll figure it out later. Okay,
so this was the first one,
and then remember we were reviewing and
Yeah.
we got to this coordinator object,
you're like, what's what?
Yeah.
Yep.
And so I had to go do another one,
and then, and I...
Like,
I don't know when I context poison or not,
but it was, I mean,
I think this one was fine,
but as I was reviewing this one,
it started to feel like, well,
there was a couple of things. One,
it was like, actually, oh,
this is what happened. So it said,
do you want me to pull like the latest of
the, you know, core? And I'm like, yeah,
yeah.
Yeah.
It said the one I'm assessing is from
January 25th. And I'm like, no,
The.
go look at the latest one, please.
And so it did. And I was like, oh,
this has changed a lot, right?
And I'm like, yes, it has.
What do you think?
And so this is where it started, like,
instead of giving me like the updated.
dot graph,
like it's notating a lot of stuff in here.
And this is where I'm like, okay,
now this is starting to feel a little
foreign to me. Like it's, you know,
called out like now you've got this Rust
Yeah.
core and you've got this Python layer.
And I love this. It said like, you know,
you say it's like a really small 2600
line kernel.
It's like, yeah,
if you were to look at like this much of
it, it is. Yeah, yeah.
And it just makes me think of like,
It was that at one point, right?
I don't know, there's this like,
it's probably a meme or something of like
Homer Simpson where like,
he looks really skinny and then you go to
the backside of him and it's like all
tucked back.
Everything's like tucked back.
Right.
So it's like, actually, it's, you know,
near 70,000 lines of code. I'm like, oh,
okay, all right, well,
this is good to know.
By the way,
a lot of those lines of code are
auto-generated,
which is the thing that keeps not calling
out.
If you actually go look at the actual
source directory,
Mm.
it's actually much smaller because Paul
had a thing that did it. He's like,
Yeah.
this is ridiculous, it's massive.
And I'm like,
that's a problem if it is that big.
And I went and I looked and I was like,
this file's clean, this file's clean,
this file's clean. All of like,
Yeah.
there's a dozen files, they are all clean.
And then I found the generated folder and
I was like, oh, this file's massive,
this file's massive. And so I'm like, oh,
but it's not working with those files.
What it's doing is like from the source
code,
Yeah.
this is how it's handling the bindings
for all the other languages and the
bridges and things like that.
That's all generated code.
Got it. Got it.
And like that's totally fine. So.
Okay,
so this then became a graph to call out
like issues and divergences.
And so that's where I was like, okay,
Yep.
this morning, well,
actually this morning I said, well, like,
this is educational, like this is useful,
but this is not what I'm looking for.
I'm looking for more of an educational
version because it's saying like.
Right.
you know,
architecture transition and process,
these are not fully aligned. So I'm like,
this is really,
Yeah.
this could be really useful,
but not for me at this moment.
So for this,
you definitely are probably going to want
And then like this alignment.
to do that steering because all of the
non-Python part and whatever is being
called by the Python part is all work in
progress and a very slow,
like when we have time in the background,
chip away at a little bit.
Got it.
And it's going to be that way because
like it's not our priority,
but it's the direction we're going.
And so therefore,
Yeah.
like for the things that you're creating,
like it should largely just ignore all of
Okay.
that. It does need to understand the,
how the Python wraps the Rust,
but that's all it needs.
Okay, all right. So yeah, I'll, well,
even probably from the one I'm doing
right now, I'll have to steer some more.
But so I had it create a new one and with
Yeah.
the feedback that I gave and I'm like,
okay, this is looking good.
And then I started looking at it again
and I'm like, wait a second.
Like, what did you do? Like,
it's almost like it,
Yeah.
I didn't tell it to give me the first one.
I said, okay, like,
let's just make sure like this is
educational.
So like any of the issues that are,
and it just, I don't know,
Yeah.
I haven't looked at this one,
the difference between this one and the
other one,
but that's actually what I was having.
OK.
It look at again was to generate a dot
graph that.
rooted in education,
like with some of this feedback,
but what you just gave makes me think
I'll probably have to generate another
Yeah.
one.
That's one of the things I'm learning is
because of the fact that we left it
somewhat open-ended,
because there's so many different ways
that we can use it,
is that you kind of have to tell it what
your intent is.
And part of that might be like also like
Yeah.
what areas to focus on and what to ignore,
because I don't think we've really baked
anything in for that.
It's more we've given it the tools and
been like, hey, you can make that graphs.
It's useful.
But we've not taught it the how or why or
what, you know,
or these kinds of ideas of like, like,
yeah, ignore all of that.
That's not relevant for the kind of thing
that I'm doing. Like,
Mm.
I think it tries to go like, go,
I'm going to wrap my arms around
everything and make sure you've got it
all, no matter what it is you're, yeah.
Yeah.
Got it. So, so yeah, I think the thing is,
I'm yeah, go ahead.
I have another repo that I will be
sharing shortly, which is called docs.
And what it is,
is this might be a pattern that might
work well for what you're doing here.
Where what it is,
Yeah.
is it's kind of like an overlay.
It's kind of like a higher level thing
Okay.
that is like what I'm trying to do.
I'm trying to document.
My repo does.
And so this is different than the other
one, which is like,
Got it.
I'm making general graph tools.
It's like that's useful more generically.
Yeah.
This one is like, I want to use those,
but I also want to use some of this other
thing,
like some bits of parallax discovery.
I want to use some parts of this other
part over here,
like make me a bundle that like borrowing
all these pieces,
Yeah.
and then it's building its own way to
connect.
parts of each one together. Like,
it's not using all the parallax discovery,
it's just reaching in and grabbing some
of the parts. And then from that,
it's building a very specific tool that
is like, point me at a repo,
and I will build you out a documentation
set that is some diagrams,
some markdown files, and so on.
And it's used in the technique that,
you know,
we've kind of negotiated for that.
And it may be good for you to do to
basically like work towards something
Mm.
like that.
Just figure out like what are the parts,
ED.
like you've got a lot of parts,
a lot of tools in the toolbox.
What's the right way to like throw them
at something like this might serve you
Yeah.
well then because then you can just
iterate on it and run it again,
iterate on it and run it again and refine
it.
Right.
versus like trying to in a single
conversation, like get it there.
And that's the benefit I ran into with
the taking this approach to the doc
graphs or the docs repo,
was that I'm not trying to get it done
with the agent directly.
I'm having it run it and then we're
evaluating the result of it and then
going,
what do we need to fix to get us to the
kind of result I'm looking for?
Because at that point, when it's done,
it's basically a recipe-driven thing,
ED.
and then we can just use it all day long.
Right, right.
OK.
That might be helpful.
I'm doing it because I needed,
Yeah.
I knew I needed to apply it to all the
repos off the bat.
I think it might be helpful for you just
because of the fact that you just,
Yeah.
even though that's not necessarily,
this may be a one-off thing,
but even as a, I think there's a,
from a technique perspective,
like by doing it that way, you, you,
there's a metacognitive element to it,
like.
you're working on how to solve the
problem with the assistant, not actually.
like doing the thing and like leveraging
it that way doesn't complete the two.
Right.
Whereas I think if we're doing it the way
we're doing it,
which is the way that I would have done
it before too.
I think what we're doing is we're like,
we're trying to like do too much at too
many different levels at once, yeah.
Yeah.
That sounds like me. Yeah.
But me too. I mean,
I'm the only thing that I'm having this
aha moment myself right now. I'm like,
this is actually interesting. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
Okay.
So anyway, so that's where that is. Yeah.
Okay,
so do you need me to look at anything
right now then or are you still like,
you're taking another run before it at
Well, yeah, I'm taking another run at it.
I mean, I think this,
that point?
Okay.
like the silhouette looks similar,
but it's like not, yeah,
so the next one I'll send over to you.
I'll let this,
like this connection for some reason,
this was probably like Saturday afternoon
where it's like, wee, yeah.
Ohh,
I know the other thing I was gonna say.
Yeah.
Are you too young to remember Family
Circus?
No, I love it. Yeah, that's exactly.
It grabbed some cookies and then it
Yeah, there you go, there's the family.
Like, supposed to go from A to B, like,
needed a toy.
there's the path. That's awesome.
The other thing I would ask to you on
Yeah.
this one, like,
what was the context you gave it?
Did like...
Is it was it instructed to go look at
only the code and figure it out,
or is it also trying to like reconcile
the documentation? Like,
these are just pointed more generally.
I think it, yeah, it would, no,
I reckon I pointed it to the two dot
graphs, so, and that probably...
Well,
and then what about like the
documentation stuff that's in the repos?
Is it looking at those or ignoring those
kinds of things too?
Not in that turn, so the...
So, what's interesting is like,
that's another technique we can use for
detecting context poisoning,
but then also, if you, and again,
Yeah.
this goes back to like,
what's your intent? If you're like,
not my thing I'm trying to do right now,
I had to do this in one of my other ones
Yeah.
because it was like,
I kept finding all the bugs, I was like,
don't care right now,
like I need you to like,
Yeah.
like go through this lens and when you
see bugs, like basically like...
not our problem today.
And that way it didn't show up on my
Yeah.
stuff. Or I gave it an outlet. I was like,
put those on a markdown file over here
that I'll maybe do something with.
We'll see.
Mhm.
Because then it gave it a place to like
go, stop being like,
I gotta tell you though.
But the thing that might be really
valuable for this particular one is tell
it.
only look at the code.
Because really what you're trying to do
is you're trying to figure out how's it
actually working,
Actually, sorry, for this one,
for this one you're looking at was that.
not how is it claimed or, yeah.
And it was looking at the new code.
It was looking at as of March 2026.
Okay, perfect.
So if that's the case,
like this one would be, okay,
this one would be useful for me.
It's too down in the weeds for what you
want.
Yeah.
But if you want to share this,
since you've already done it,
Yeah, sure.
I would take a look at this.
Yep.
Because it's not a high enough priority
for me to go do it,
but now that you've done the graph,
like that's a thing to like look at over
Yeah.
lunch.
I might see something and then be like,
oh, wait,
Okay.
like that's wrong or it does that?
That's cool.
Yeah.
Because the systems are so complex that
it's hard to wrap your head around
Good.
Yeah.
sometimes, so yeah.
Yep, whatever.
I cannot team Z for some reason. OK,
I'll figure that.
That's fine.
Well, there we go.
Thanks.
Cool. Yeah. Actually, can you quickly,
can you open that up and does it,
Yeah.
you should be able to access it, but.
Does the downloader show me?
Okay.
It shows me and I can zoom.
Yeah.
Say what? You can?
It's very nice.
It's a very smooth user interface.
Okay.
I really like it, actually.
I wish Teams had it.
And then you can you can click all the
different nodes and it works.
I can click on, what does clicking do? Oh,
it allows you to see the connected
elements. That's nice, okay.
Yeah.
That works for you.
Yeah.
Cool. Okay. Sweet.
Yeah.
Great, yeah, and there's a little, yeah,
it's like an AMP browser header and stuff
in there, and...
Yeah.
Coll.
I can download, yep, yeah, very nice.
I mean, it's got the double scroll bars,
Made my own little.
that's you know,
because you're using an engineer system,
but you know.
Yeah, yeah, it's not a design fault.
The.
And.
Ohh, man, yeah.
That was funny, he.
Yeah.
I just, yeah.
I do love it. I do love those moments.
Yep.
But I'm like, wait,
the designer sent me the devil's spot,
Yeah.
that's awesome.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yep. Well,
and I think, yeah,
I have tested it on my phone, not on,
because that's the thing I can easily
Yeah.
turn off, or just switch VPN,
and I don't want to break any processes.
So I need another machine that I can
quickly do that with.
Yeah.
I see.
Anyway, all right, cool. Yeah, so I mean,
my goal is like,
Michael.
once this new one generates,
I'll send it to you. I'm checking it.
And then I still want to do that thing
that I had mentioned on Friday is walk
through it, record it,
generate a deck and some materials out of
Yeah.
it, verify that, and then we'll have.
That to work from, and then Salil,
maybe Brian, you said this to you,
but like the having this dot graph would
be really great for the system to check
against itself as well, so.
Yeah,
and now that I'm thinking about it more,
what I suggested to you of like getting
it to like build a repeatable process
that we can just throw in,
actually I think is going to have a very
Yeah.
big utility value across a lot of the
things that we're doing. So yeah,
actually I think, yeah,
definitely do that in Azure because if
you can get it to the level where as an
educational piece.
Okay.
That means you've made it accessible
enough that we can use it as a tool then
Yeah.
for more for facing users.
Like we'll have to work on the like
layout and all the other crap so that
it's not a spaghetti and family circus
Yeah.
mess, but like that's actually easier,
ironically.
Yeah,
or you can have a family circus mode and
we'll just add little cartoon characters
to it. That's your flavor. Yeah.
That are somewhat inspired by,
but that doesn't actually break any
Yeah.
coffee. Yeah. Nice.
And it'll be the family festival. Yeah,
Yep, yeah, cool.
yeah, exactly. We got to watch that too.
Yeah. And the people who get it get it.
Fair.
Yeah.
Fanfare. Fanfare. There you go.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, cool. Thanks guys.
Appreciate it. See ya.
All right, yeah, see you.